hello this file describes every folder in here

"birthday map" - a map i wanted to make a year or two ago for OFs birthday. evidently nothing happened
"bot stuff" - literally just a folder dedicated to my experiments with bot stuff
"ctf_goodware" - oh baby the good stuff. an invade ctf map i had started working on pretty much right after badworks was first added to the game (its name is also an inverse of "badworks"). uses leaked beta badlands props for most of the structures
"dm_auxiliary" - this is the wacky map that i made right after starting work on ctf_sextuplecross for Fortress Obscura. i decided to make it since i wanted to "use my powers for good". contains way too many instances i think the main file literally only has 1 brush and 6 props
"dm_badworks" - this is the map everyone knows me for. started off as a "Paint The Town" map for TF2 (ptt_badworks), though it never actually got finished for TF2. "Paint The Town" was basically turf war where there would be a bunch of control points littered around the map that both teams could freely capture and whoever had the most by the time the timer ended won. used to have an awful basement area with a gib, crits, and megahealth right near eachother. was removed for about a year while my dev privilages were revoked because i was cringe and wasnt pog enough because my maps and assets were deemed cringe and removed. artpassed by waugh101
"dm_blastzone" - a map i made in 3 days back in 2020. pretty much was born out of an annoyance towards alphablaster which made me decide to try and make the "perfect" map in his eyes, which basically meant designing it all on paper with absurd thought put into it and pretty much overthinking the placement of every pill and weapon. it was also going to be doom themed to appeal to him as well, but that was dropped after i was told the name "dm_pit" was too similar to "dm_pitod", but i dont know why i didnt just call the map "dm_hell" instead of changing everything about it. had an absurdly deep pit (thats why it was going to be called "dm_pit") that you could survive falling down with shield and overheal. at the bottom of the pit was a meaningless easter egg disguised as "lore". also has a secret code that i no longer remember, but it pretty much just said "the pit". removed after it was deemed too small of a map and not very fun to play on (ironic)
"dm_downtime" - basically just a mapname i came up with back in 2020. the actual map however is not even made for OF, but rather the dm sourcemod i was trying to make separate from OF, TF:DM. the map is made out of two random vmfs that were lying around in my TF2 maps folder. despite being completely unfinished, it actually happens to have a music track (also completely unfinished) https://www.dropbox.com/s/coosqi6gdw3tkux/downtime.wav?dl=0. i might reuse this name for a new map which follows the same sort of idea as dm_lineage and dm_legacy
"dm_facility" - its a reimagining of facility from goldeneye 007. i'll be real one of the reasons i made this was because i was annoyed that alphablaster said we should add his port of facility to OF a year ago. it wasnt directly because of that, but if that didnt happen, this map probably wouldnt have happened a year later. the other reason i made it was because i was baffled by people saying they liked facility in goldeneye when i hated playing on that map on the n64, so i took it upon myself to make it actually good and not boring and super cramped
"dm_hollowpoint" - To Be Made Soon. a remake of dm_hollow originally from savva. it will be built from the ground up with completely new brushwork, and likely even new lore as i have a few ideas. interested in the music? take a listen https://www.dropbox.com/s/mwwb9v60qls9vn8/dm_hollow%20%281%29.ogg?dl=0
"dm_idea" - pretty much made this in a single day back in 2021. it was originally planned to just be this single arena, but i quickly realized that was too small. newer versions of the map had an extra room with a curved hallway that would have lead into a giant portal 2 style abyss with surf ramps artpassed to look like vents and pipes. the name was going to be changed to "dm_backup" since the lore of the map would be "this facility is the data backup facility for everything from tf industries. its the backup facility for backup facilities.". rough music idea that likely would have been a similar section to the guitar section in wiseau https://www.dropbox.com/s/q3hv0nmh7irqc24/backup_beatup%20%282%29.ogg?dl=0
"dm_painhouse_turniptake" - i'll make this one short. this was basically my take on painhouse that i made to show to show visually how i thought the map could be improved to jan. it was quickly dropped after some issues were noted and fossil said it was probably better to just stick with the original anyways
"dm_shingle" - To Be Made Maybe Soon. a remake of dm_shingle originally from savva. gotta be real i dont really have anything interesting to say right now
"dm_speedway" - joke map that i made which sort of resembles the city in crazy frog axel f. also uses every single dm weapon and powerup (at the time it was made)
"dm_splashzone" - hey stinky you shouldnt have this vmf for some reason its in the respository which means that i must have committed it. extremely loose remake of dm_blastzone (only really borrows the shield arena)
"dm_sugarcity" - for some reason i ported a bad arena map i made and turned it into dm. might reuse the name for a later map. speaking of the name, its not gibberish unrelated to the map, its actually the nickname of my old hometown which had a sugar factory
"dm_tommy" - some random geometry never finished. was planned to be a map that takes place on a giant train (tommy being a play on the name thomas), was also planned to feature the tommygun in some funny way (tommy meaning tommygun), and the name was also supposed to pair up with wiseau (tommy wiseau)
"dm_turnipvalley" - i cant actually remember, but i think this is also a map made for TF:DM, and not OF. pretty much just a bad payload map i made converted to dm. was supposed to use the track "turfunk"
"dm_underground" - a map idea i kept throwing around back in 2019-2020. basically a series of underground tunnels and caves (never actually made any of that), and was supposed to feature the chainsaw in the tight hallways
"dm_underscore" - weird name that i cant actually explain since i dont remember. i dont know what my plan was, but all this map is is literally just a single brush i think
"domination" - a folder full of some old domination maps pre 2022 mercenary domination
"escort crap" - contains a map i was working on with savva which never got anywhere, and also the wicked horrid "escr_speedway", a map i made in 3 hours right before school and committed right when i left. horribly messed up since i was in a hurry
"excuse me what" - some random experiments ranging from 4team OF (actually functional, try it out yourself), and a map called "mega_legs", which was pretty much supposed to be a joke about the mega legs powerup from spykids 3d that would make the player grow in size
"gd" - literally just a folder containing a bsp for that one generator defense that was in OF for a short time
"i aint working on this, go ahead and edit" - a folder containing a map called "gd_badlane". i dont really have any story for this, its just a mid
"lethal lockdown" - a folder containing my little map i was making for ld. no interesting story here
"mctf_badworks" - a funny experiment i made after fossil brought up "mirroring a dm map to make an mctf map" idea too many times
"mctf_express" - an mctf map that would (wasnt ever made) take place on two huge trains similar to ctf_convoy. the music made for this map was remade and then retooled for an FNF merc mod
"mctf_waterworks" - a reimagining of mctf_badworks that im thinking of working on with pigeon. not regular mctf, but instead its going to be reverse mctf. NOT INVADE (INVADE = NEUTRAL FLAG YOU TAKE TO ENEMY BASE, REVERSE = YOU TAKE YOUR OWN FLAG TO ENEMY BASE)
"mdom_badworks" - pretty much made only because badworks was originally going to be a similar gamemode in TF2 before it was turned into dm for OF. points are in similar places to ptt_badworks
"mdom_takeover" - a remake of dom_takeover i was making. might come back to it later
"stuff" - a folder containing some random stuff that i have no idea why is here at all
"turnips custom weapon folder" - dont let the name fool you, there is actually nothing unique to this folder its just copied from the custom weapon example map and i was going to do something with it, but i never did

